README.md, before:

# phantom-render-stream

Render a webpage and get the image as a stream.

	npm install phantom-render-stream

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/e-conomic/phantom-render-stream.png)](https://travis-ci.org/e-conomic/phantom-render-stream)

It uses a pool of phantom processes so it doesn't need to spawn a new process for each website.

## Usage

First of all, you need to have phantomjs installed on the machine you use the module.

``` js
var phantom = require('phantom-render-stream');
var fs = require('fs');

var render = phantom();
render('http://example.com/my-site').pipe(fs.createWriteStream('out.png'));
```

You can also pass some options

``` js
var render = phantom({
	pool: 5, // change the pool size. defaults to 1,
	format: 'jpeg', // the default output format
	width: 1280, // changes the width size. default to 1280
	height: 800 // changes the height size. default to 960
});
```

Or override the options for each render stream

``` js
render(myUrl, {format:'jpeg', width: 1280, height: 960}).pipe(...)
```




Since the interface is just a stream you can pipe the web site anywhere!
Try installing [picture-tube](https://github.com/substack/picture-tube) and run the following example

``` js
var phantom = require('phantom-render-stream');
var pictureTube = require('picture-tube');
var render = phantom();

render('http://google.com')
	.pipe(pictureTube())
	.pipe(process.stdout);
```

## Deferred render

If you need your page to do something before phantom renders it you just need to immediately set
`window.renderable` to false. If that is set when the page is opened the module will wait for 
`window.renderable` to be set to true and when this happens the render will occur.

Here is an example to illustrate it better.

```html

<!DOCTYPE HTML>
<html lang="en">
<head>
	...
	<script type="text/javascript">window.renderable = false</script>
	<meta charset="UTF-8">
	<title></title>
</head>
<body>
	
</body>
...
<script type="text/javascript">
  doSomeAjaxLoading(function() {
    doSomeRendering();
	window.renderable = true;
  })
</script>
</html>

```

## OS Dependencies

We `mkfifo` which is known to exist and work on OS X and Linux, but may not work other plaforms,
particularly Windows, which has different notions about named pipes.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Improve docs and diagnostics
- Generally, more code comments have been added.

- Child process stderr is now always piped to parent's stderr for
  better diagnostics.

  I didn't see any downside to this, but it's definitely useful when
  things aren't going well.

  It's also nice to not hide it behind a debug flag, since you don't
  always know when you are going to bump into a problem.

- New Troubleshooting section added to README, but note that
  it reflects how I updated the handling of STDERR for better
  diagnostics, and some commented out code I left in if
  people need super-deep diagnostics.

README.md, after:

# phantom-render-stream

Render a webpage and get the image as a stream.

	npm install phantom-render-stream

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/e-conomic/phantom-render-stream.png)](https://travis-ci.org/e-conomic/phantom-render-stream)

It uses a pool of phantom processes so it doesn't need to spawn a new process for each website.

## Usage

First of all, you need to have phantomjs installed on the machine you use the module.

``` js
var phantom = require('phantom-render-stream');
var fs = require('fs');

var render = phantom();
render('http://example.com/my-site').pipe(fs.createWriteStream('out.png'));
```

You can also pass some options

``` js
var render = phantom({
	pool: 5, // change the pool size. defaults to 1,
	format: 'jpeg', // the default output format
	width: 1280, // changes the width size. default to 1280
	height: 800 // changes the height size. default to 960
});
```

Or override the options for each render stream

``` js
render(myUrl, {format:'jpeg', width: 1280, height: 960}).pipe(...)
```




Since the interface is just a stream you can pipe the web site anywhere!
Try installing [picture-tube](https://github.com/substack/picture-tube) and run the following example

``` js
var phantom = require('phantom-render-stream');
var pictureTube = require('picture-tube');
var render = phantom();

render('http://google.com')
	.pipe(pictureTube())
	.pipe(process.stdout);
```

## Deferred render

If you need your page to do something before phantom renders it you just need to immediately set
`window.renderable` to false. If that is set when the page is opened the module will wait for 
`window.renderable` to be set to true and when this happens the render will occur.

Here is an example to illustrate it better.

```html

<!DOCTYPE HTML>
<html lang="en">
<head>
	...
	<script type="text/javascript">window.renderable = false</script>
	<meta charset="UTF-8">
	<title></title>
</head>
<body>
	
</body>
...
<script type="text/javascript">
  doSomeAjaxLoading(function() {
    doSomeRendering();
	window.renderable = true;
  })
</script>
</html>

```

## Troubleshooting

You can pass `debug:true` as an option to turn on additional diagnostics including:

 * piping STDOUT from the phantom processes to STDOUT of this parent process
 * Printing out the queue size of periodically.

For extensive detail on what Phantom is doing, there is also some commented out code
in phantom-process.js that can be enabled by commenting it in for now.

## OS Dependencies

We `mkfifo` which is known to exist and work on OS X and Linux, but may not work other plaforms,
particularly Windows, which has different notions about named pipes.

## License

MIT
